Add note that Windows Authentication can't be used with gRPC (#13459)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/authn-and-authz.md

### Other authentication mechanisms

> In addition to bearer token and client certificate authentication, most ASP.NET Core supported authentication mechanisms such as OAuth and OpenID should work with gRPC. Visit [ASP.NET Core authentication](xref:security/authentication/identity) for more information for configuring authentication on the server side.

Reviewer: Can the word "should" be removed in that first sentence? It doesn't exactly instill confidence in the reader.

Author: I'm not confident because I'm not sure how many actually work with gRPC 😋 

Yeah it can be removed. That uncertainty is now covered by "most"

Reviewer 2: Oh please don't. Most is a shitty way to do this. List what works.

Author: Most will work with gRPC. I'd rather have a list of authentication mechanisms that don't work. The first in that list being Windows auth.

Author: should removed.

Reviewer 2: Sure, mention Windows auth definitely doesn't work, but don't be wishywashy about what does. Be definite in both.

Author: I've included a list. Let me know if there are common authN options I've missed, or out of date options in the list that should be removed.

### Other authentication mechanisms

Many ASP.NET Core supported authentication mechanisms work with gRPC:

> * OAuth 2.0

Reviewer: Consider alphabetizing the list. It will be easier to scan.

* OpenID Connect
* IdentityServer
* WS-Federation
* Azure Active Directory
* JWT Token
* Client Certificate

> Visit [ASP.NET Core authentication](xref:security/authentication/identity) for more information for configuring authentication on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring authentication on the server, see [ASP.NET Core authentication](xref:security/authentication/identity).
```

Configuring the gRPC client to use authentication will depend on the authentication mechanism you are using. The previous bearer token and client certificate examples show a couple of ways the gRPC client can be configured to send authentication metadata with gRPC calls:

* Strongly typed gRPC clients use `HttpClient` internally. Authentication can be configured on [`HttpClientHandler`](/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclienthandler), or by adding custom [`HttpMessageHandler`](/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpmessagehandler) instances to the `HttpClient`.
* Each gRPC call has an optional `CallOptions` argument. Custom headers can be sent using the option's headers collection.

> [!NOTE]

> > Windows Authentication (NTLM/Kerberos/Negotiate) can't be used with gRPC. gRPC requires HTTP/2 and HTTP/2 does not support Windows Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Windows Authentication (NTLM/Kerberos/Negotiate) can't be used with gRPC. gRPC requires HTTP/2, and HTTP/2 doesn't support Windows Authentication.
```
